Add release notes of v1.10 (#4981)
karmada-io/karmada: docs/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.10.md

### Usability and reliability Enhancements in the production environment

In this release, Karmada has received a great deal of feedback from its users, which has helped us make a number of enhancements, invoking:

- Capability Enhancement: supporting propagating `Secret` of type `kubernetes.io/service-account-token`, optimizing deprioritized policy preemption logic, significantly reducing memory usage of `karmada metrics adapter`, karmada resource interpreter allows for more pruners to be added and avoid lint errors such as `cyclomatic complexityand`, syncing deployment replicas when it is controlled by `HorizontalPodAutoscaler`, and so on.

- Security Enhancements: upgrading rsa key size from 2018 to 3072, granting the correct permissions when creating files, some necessary measures to silence false positives from security scanning tools, like adjusting log print content when delete token by karmadactl and silence gosec warning G107, and so on.

- Software Ecosystem: showing `status.labelSelector` for `CloneSet`, integrated with OIDC authentication for cluster operation auditing and access control, and so on.

We believe these efforts will make Karmada even better!

> (Feature contributors: @a7i, @chaosi-zju, @chaunceyjiang, @guozheng-shen, @veophi, @whitewindmills, @zhzhuang-zju)

Reviewer: Let's take this part TBD.
Because there are still a lot of feature enhancements and bugfixes based on production practice. We can't list them all here.

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**  *generated with [DocToc](https://github.com/thlorenz/doctoc)*

- [v1.10.0](#v1100)
  - [Downloads for v1.10.0](#downloads-for-v1100)
  - [What's New](#whats-new)
    - [Workload Rebalance](#workload-rebalance)
    - [Free the resource template name from the limitation of label length](#free-the-resource-template-name-from-the-limitation-of-label-length)

>     - [Usability and reliability Enhancements in the production environment](#usability-and-reliability-enhancements-in-the-production-environment)

Reviewer: After changing the content, we have to re-generate the contents table.

**Table of Contents**  *generated with [DocToc](https://github.com/thlorenz/doctoc)*

- [v1.10.0](#v1100)
  - [Downloads for v1.10.0](#downloads-for-v1100)
  - [What's New](#whats-new)
    - [Workload Rebalance](#workload-rebalance)
    - [Free the resource template name from the limitation of label length](#free-the-resource-template-name-from-the-limitation-of-label-length)
    - [Usability and reliability Enhancements in the production environment](#usability-and-reliability-enhancements-in-the-production-environment)
  - [Other Notable Changes](#other-notable-changes)
    - [API Changes](#api-changes)
    - [Deprecation](#deprecation)
    - [Bug Fixes](#bug-fixes)
    - [Security](#security)
    - [Features & Enhancements](#features--enhancements)
  - [Other](#other)
    - [Dependencies](#dependencies)
    - [Helm Charts](#helm-charts)
    - [Instrumentation](#instrumentation)
  - [Contributors](#contributors)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# v1.10.0
## Downloads for v1.10.0

Download v1.10.0 in the [v1.10.0 release page](https://github.com/karmada-io/karmada/releases/tag/v1.10.0).

## What's New

### Workload Rebalance

> This release introduced a workload rebalancing capability. It can actively trigger a brand fresh rescheduling to establish an entirely new replica distribution across clusters. With the workload rebalancing capability, users can trigger a workload rebalancing on demand if the current replicas distribution is not optimal.
> 
> See [the documentation](https://karmada.io/docs/next/userguide/scheduling/workload-rebalancer) for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This release introduced a workload rebalancing capability. It can actively trigger a brand fresh rescheduling to establish 
an entirely new replicas distribution across clusters. When the user has propagated the workloads to member clusters, in some scenarios the current replicas distribution is not the most expected, such as:

* replicas migrated due to cluster failover, but now cluster recovered.
* replicas migrated due to application-level failover, but now each cluster has sufficient resources to run the replicas.
* as for `Aggregated` schedule strategy, replicas were initially distributed across multiple clusters due to resource constraints, but now one cluster is enough to accommodate all replicas.

Thus, with the workload rebalancing capability, users can trigger a workload rebalancing on demand if the current replicas distribution is not optimal.

See [User Guide](https://karmada.io/docs/next/userguide/scheduling/workload-rebalancer) for detail description about this feature and [Tutorial](https://karmada.io/docs/next/tutorials/workload-rebalancer) for specific demo presentation. 
```
